Today is Lord Qin's birthday banquet
You bring such a broken box to Huimin
It's so rude, right?
It's just an appetizer
The show is still to come
I think you're just stalling
My gift is beyond your imagination.
Hey, don't overdo it.
You do have a lot of junk in your hands
But
Your things can't get into Master Qin's eyes at all
Master Qin is not interested in that
Lord Qin is interested in lost treasures
That's right, take today's finale sending troops as an example
That's definitely unique
And it was offered by Master Huang
Hey
No wonder he's so arrogant
If it weren't for this brat
We have long been married to the royal family
Eat eat eat eat
You are unlucky
Okay, stop arguing
So here we go. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You can offer any gift you have.
Ouch, then let me grab this good start first
Ah, hahaha, serve it up.
This is redemption.
Grandpa Huang still knows the goods.
Hahaha, this is the best of amber.
Billions of years ago
There's a drop of pine oil on the bug.
Formed a precious heavy break
Isn't this Feng family a small family?
How can you have such an arm?
I guess it's because of losing royal protection
So go for broke.
Take out all the money to please the in-laws
Sister is still satisfied
Nice cool
Hahahaha